all right what's going on you guys today
my name is Anne Burrell bringing you a
commentary over on the send pump stop
and clean channel today the gameplay
will be watching is probably the best
gameplay that we have uploaded to this
channel so far this is the world's first
yes world's first knife DNA bomb on I
don't know what map honestly it doesn't
matter the map really because
considering the fact that I even got
this game play in the first place is
absolutely insane so the player behind
this is sin villain one of the I think
the head and leader of sin puff topping
so make sure to go sub up this channel
go follow over on Twitter the guys you
enjoy my commentary today make sure to
go check out my stuff but before any of
that make sure to subscribe to decent
all stock and channel for more future
content from us and make sure to go
follow us on our social networks now
guys with coming up on 1k it's
definitely a big kind of opportunity for
us to get this game play out yes this is
definitely gonna be a booster and kind
of looking at numbers right now we r DS
booming right now comparing to other
lower clans which is absolutely nuts we
have been uploading daily since August
which is absolutely nuts also and we're
just getting so much support and I do
want to thank you guys from the bottom
of my heart it is so much appreciated
that you guys just show support every
one of our videos like last week or
since we went back to our single uploads
we have beginning a shit ton more likes
from you guys so thank you now what I
got a war what actually want to talk
about today is something that has been
on my mind for a long time and that is
the whole entire skill based matchmaking
of advanced warfare and a couple other
things I want to talk about with
advanced warfare now skill based
matchmaking i think is probably the
dumbest option that could ever made now
i do know there's kind of like a mini
petition going around for people to kind
of sign I guess you can say to try to
actually get skill based matchmaking out
of advanced warfare only due to the fact
that just the connection is too odd
connection issues are extremely bad
and kind of just nobody wants it because
they hate being put against try-hards
now like a couple other people said in
past videos there has been kind of cases
where pub stomping was based off with
not skill based matchmaking which I
completely agree because you got to love
getting into that one lobby where you do
scrape absolutely everybody you
shouldn't have to kill yourself try to
get game place I honestly think that's
kind of stupid this topic has been
stressed out a lot what I mean I do kind
of I don't know what his position is I
believe it's on Twitter somewhere I
don't exactly know I'm not a like a
hunch % sure on what this is but if you
guys do you want to go look it up I
guarantee you can find it it should know
sorry you should not have no problem
trying to find it so go take a look at
that if you guys want to now another
thing I want to talk about is actually
something related with YouTube now this
is mostly statistics this is basically
based off of what I'm kind of thinking
but I think nowadays it's almost
literally impossible to become a
youtuber or make a youtube living now if
you do have your own kind of good
personality i definitely recommend you
to go make this into a hobby but i mean
most people are turning it into a career
which is absolutely crazy outdoor i
really don't understand how people do
that like some clans too it's a lot of
clans that's why a lot of people are
making lens because glands are going to
become more popular in the future
because all these people that are
absolutely huge on youtube / and stuff
it's just a waste of time to china like
i'll beat them it's just too late i
guess it can kind of say i mean some
people do kind of boom off of youtube or
do you mean there's a lot of people that
don't and it's getting to be a possible
with a lot of channels such as let's say
yeah we have markiplier yeah PewDiePie
we have a bunch of other people that are
just absolutely exploding there's not
gonna be a lot of room for anybody
unless you're that one lucky person that
everybody loves unfortunately YouTube is
just gonna be hassle deal it's gonna
have to be looked down on as a hobby
unfortunately maybe in the past would be
easier since it's starting to develop
but whoever wants to become a youtuber I
mean go for it you could keep on posting
videos everybody's gonna love your video
I mean you want to make youtube into a
career it's just gonna be impossible now
actually one more thing for do end up or
and this column carry this is kind of a
bigger topic this is the road kind of
the 1k I guess you can say sin pop
stomping is currently at 900 sweet
drybrush probably when this video is
posted which is absolutely nuts we do
want to thank you guys for all the
support we have been getting over on sin
now what I kind of mean or what we kind
of want to do I guess you can say is we
want to get to 1k as fast as possible
this is also another reason why this
gameplay is going up because we do know
this gameplay is gonna get a lot of
views but with the road to 1k I guess
you can say it has been quite a grind
I've going since since four hundred
subscribers 400-500 to think it was and
I've been in here since that day and
I've been loving it so much I've been
loving the support I get over on the
clan channel and everything has just
been going extremely well and we want
you guys to keep on supporting the
channel and all of us Oh grunts and now
actually I just want the things I want
to talk about not like I already talked
about some of them but actually want to
talk about the gameplay on its own the
game play in the background is once
again the world's first night en a bomb
now this is just I don't understand how
anybody can do this even with uh I think
what's called reverse boosting I don't
play
sorry I'm fucking it down so that he's
15 but reverse boosting I don't even
think he did reverse boosting to be
honest I don't know how bad these kids
are I know if he played it smart I
really did not I really do not get to
see the game played before they are
uploaded I'm doing through the
commentary but even like any map I know
like most of the danced Warfare's maps
are extremely large and they're really
boring to be honest I don't like to gain
at all but no it's not even possible
like I don't understand how he did this
there's a lot of people going for it
it's an extremely hard gameplay to get
and he definitely probably put up the
best gameplay that is out there for
advanced warfare right now he definitely
did achieve that extremely fast which is
absolutely nuts I still I just can't sit
here and look at this gameplay seriously
and does not like wonder how he got this
at night DNA you have to move around XO
movements and shit like that all the
people using normal guns get the sneak
up on him god it's just so hard to get
and if you guys do you want to go
through this gameplay yourself I
definitely want you guys to go for it or
keep on grinding out and dance warfare
gameplay um I definitely do kind of like
these kind of things because this is
more creative in the bowel 27w clear I
mean that's just kind of boring I mean a
knife DNA bomb I know this game point is
long and I know my commentary is long
but considering the fact that he did get
this with a knife rather than like a hb3
or a pal 27 it's extremely crazy 9
definitely due respect villain for this
king but now guys this come has been
kind of long and I'm truly sorry about
that this is a long he but he would you
wanted to make sure that everybody knew
that every single kill that he got with
this knife was all ajith nothing else
this is just a long gameplay we didn't
cut this down you wanted you guys see
the whole entire thing because maybe he
thought we gott gud entails in between
or
got gun kills in between but he did not
so guys my name is Benson brutal today
and I'll catch you guys in the next one
peace out guys
I
you